Ganesan: Come on Sid. I have been hearing good feedback about him. 
Sid: What you are hearing is not the truth
Ganesan: He is just a kid. 
Sid: Then treat him like one. A kid cannot be a techlead.
Ganesan: Well. Thats not what I meant. I asked you to go easy... But we dont consider years of experience as a criteria for tech lead. Do we ?
Sid: All your rules. All your guidelines. They are just weak, old and outdated. They are not reflecting the current society anymore. We have to change. We have to adopt.

Sid: Why not ? Me and my team have worked round the clock even on weekends to deliver the project on the right date on right time.

Forget it. One last question. Don't you think he should have been there in the open house ? I mean you did not fail the project. Right. He did. Why do you have to take the blame for his failures ? 
Ganesan: It would have been nice if he was in the open house. But his phone was unreachable when I called him in the morning.

Sid: and now what do I hear this. He is becoming the tech lead of the most expected project. He should be stripped from the tech lead position.
Ganesan: I have high hopes on him. Let's give that guy an another chance. 
Sid: this is atrocious
Ganesan: it is not I who decided this. Thanga told me there were no options. If you have better suggestion we could take that to thanga. 
Sid: I would prefer any person other than Raja. 
Ganesan: there is no person free
Sid: you are gonna come to me for help in one year. And I am gonna say no.


Deva: stop romanticising the past. If you want your future to be like your past you are not growing in the right direction.


Raja was sitting in the cafeteria thinking deeply. 

What's up said Rajiv. You look terribly sad. Are you thinking about the project?
Vanity of vanities. The project is going to continue with or without me
You are not drunk aren't you
Funny that alcohol is always related to wisdom. Funny that righteousness is always related to sadness 
What's your reason for sadness
A project delivered. Still projected as failed.I believe I did what was right and I am to apologize
Righteousness is always in the eyes of the beholder. It's always everyone's story. The question is what do you want from this ?
I want everything Rajiv. But what I don't want is void. Senselessness.
That's a lot of anger my friend. And yet you say you feel nothing
Haha
Why don't you take a session on this
Boring Rajiv. You know I don't like to do the traditional way
Maybe a novel then 
Yeah. Maybe a blog
Like the magnum opus...
But do you think the whole world is ready to know ?


Travel brings love in life. But this time it has taken love from me.

The cure for pain is more pain

What you seek is seeking you
