One day before Tamil New Year...

Somewhere in Jari in Himalayas...

A bus was traveling very slowly. The mountains stood silent yet more powerful. The Parvati river was dancing and jumpimg in joy over the rocks. The aroma of the forest was fresh and energising. It felt like the landscapes were transforming themselves growing more and more beautiful by every turn. But more beautiful was the girl inside the bus sitting near a window. She wore a blue sweater with the sweater drawn till her fingers like a kid protecting herself from cold. The wind was playing with her hair. She was adjusting her thick hair as it was blown again and again by the wind. This was a constant act throughout the journey. She looked exceedingly innocent and visibly tired. Tired not because of the wind but because of men watching her. Tired of pretending not to realize that.

Our man Arulmozhi was no different from other men.

An old woman in the bus was singing with the most loving voice and a little boy was playing a flute. Seriously the people from Himalayas can give a run for Bollywood singers and lyricists.

Am I worthy of your love ?
I beg for more love from you,
I wonder if I have loved you enough,
But it doesnt matter anymore,
Because I am coming soon to the other side,
To be with you till eternity

The girl turned and looked at shameless Arulmozhi who was fixated on her. The girl raised her eyebrows indicating hello. He got up and went to the girl.

Girl: Do you have some cream ?
Arul: Whaaaatttt ?

Arul was not stranger to the fact that cannabis goes by codeword 'cream' around here.

Girl: Tsch.. Phir. Chaalu kar. (Go away)

And Arul was just standing there not knowing how to respond. Finally he blurted out.

Arul: I am sure we can get some in Malana.
Girl: I want it now.

Arul was perplexed. He was thinking - "Innocent angel with a devilish heart"

And the girl laughed unable to continue the drama. "How does it feel ? Taste of your own medicine"

Arul: What ?
Girl: Don't you remember anything from last night ?
Arul: (in a naughty tone) What did I do ?
Girl: Seriously ?
Arul: Yeah. I know I took some cream. But I took it in the room. When I woke up I was still in the bed. So I thought everything should have been fine.
Girl: Except you didn't. You were in the streets asking for more.
Arul: (smiled) And how did we meet ?
Girl: You were asking me for cream. Except I didn't think of you like the way you thought of me now.
Arul: What ? No.
Girl: Its okay.
Arul: What wonders me is why the drug didn't lose its effect after seeing you.
Girl: (deep breath) Le. Cheesy line. What wonders me is why would you put coolers in the night after taking cream. (laughed)

Arul was about to sit next to girl. She gave a deep "mmm" sound and raised her eyebrows. Arul got the message. He sat on the seat before her.

Arul: So. You on a vacation ?
Girl: Why do you want to know ?
Arul: Do you want to end up like the old woman there singing for her lost love ?
Girl: Come on. She is singing for Khuda - God. Not for her man.
Arul: Is there a difference ?

The girl laughed. "Where are you from ? You are definitely not from anywhere close by"

Arul: Yeah. I am from Chennai. I am a software engineer working in a company called Denker. I am on a vacation here.
Girl: Hmm.. Have you been here before ?
Arul: Yeah. Twice already. I am a big fan of Rumi. He said "Travel brings love in life". 

Arul paused and looked at the girl. "Guess he is not wrong"

Girl: (smiled) Is your name flirt ?
Arul: My name is Arul. ArulMozhi. What is yours ?
Girl: My dad said not to tell my name to strangers.
Arul: (smiled) Oh. You definitely look like a girl who follows Dad's advice word by word.

The girl laughed and the bus stopped at Malana village. She started to step out of the bus.

Arul: Hey Parvati.. Hmm.. hey Paro
Girl: Paro ?
Arul: Lets name you after this beautiful river
Girl: Arey Devdas. What am I gonna do with you ?
Arul: Lets discuss that over a cup of ...cream. Shall we ?

The girl laughed. She stepped out of the bus. Arul followed.

Arul: Paro. Oi Paro. Yes or No ?
Girl: No.
Arul: No is a big word Paro.
Girl: Oh. I thought they were just two letters.
Arul: It takes a second to say 'No'. But it takes a lifetime to digest it.
Girl: That's intense.
Arul: Now you know why 'No' is a big word.
Girl: Ok Devdas. Lets play a game. I assume you are here for the Chandrakhani trek.
Arul: Yup. Whats your plan ?
Girl: I am doing the Chandrakhani trek from Malana to Naggar. And I am catching the bus at 8:00 PM to Delhi.
Arul: Today ?
Girl: Yeah. Today.
Arul: (laughed) That is impossible. You cant complete the trek in a single day.
Girl: For normal people. I am not normal.
Arul: I can very well see.
Girl: So here is the deal. If you can make it to the bus on time, we will have that coffee together.

And the girl started to walk.

Arul: Sounds like a good deal.

She never turned. Inspite of all the efforts Arul was not even able to complete half of the trek by sunset. It was foolish to continue the trek in dark. So he settled at a tea shop near Rumsu (6 kms from Naggar). A small boy gave him a glass of tea "Bhaiyaa. Why are you so sad ?"

Arul: I met the most beautiful girl at sunrise and lost her by sunset. Now I dont know how I can meet her again. It feels really painful.
Boy: Bhaiyya.. The cure for pain is more pain. So you should start loving more and more.

Arul smiled. "You have a romantic view of life chotu. It doesnt work that way. Rumi is wrong for once. The heart once broken is broken for ever. It can never be fixed"

"You know what they call me in work place - an accidental tech lead. Now this - an accidental lover boy. No. Even worse - a failed lover boy. Do you know one thing ? People usually come to Himalayas for rejuvenation. But it has an opposite effect on me. It takes away a part of my soul and hardens my mind and body. I am ashamed of my body. Not able to keep up with the one that I loved. I will have to grow now. Every second. Every minute. Every hour. Every day."