The General Manager Ganesan was standing in the middle of the room looking very upset as the crowd assembled.

"We have to shut down a project..
(murmur in the crowd)
..because we were no longer adding any value to the client. Yes it is a loss. But a loss that we can take"

The crowd could sense some tinge of sadness in his voice. A hand went up in the air.

Ganesan: Yes Sid.
Sid: I request all Denkers to not contemplate about this.
Ganesan: Yes. And try not to think about the pink elephant.

Ganesan laughed. And his admirers accompanied him.

Sid: (raising his voice) This was a big screw up in my opinion. And what can we do in the future to avoid such cases ? Is there a plan ? Did we learn from this failure ?
Ganesan: First of all we don't consider it as a failure. 'I' don't consider it as a failure. We consider it as a learning. Second of all everyone did the best they can. So nobody is to blame.

And then there was a feeble voice coming from the crowd. And the gang possibly his project members around him laughed.

Ganesan: What's that ?

The voice said "Its not related. Sorry."

Ganesan: Oh come on. Don't be shy Ram.
Ram: I was just saying that its not the pink elephant. Its the white bear. Its called the ironic process theory. Pink elephant is widely popularised by Denker. Just FYI.
Ganesan: Oh really. Is pink elephant popularised by Denker ? I thought pink elephant concept existed even before Denker started. Anyways I will recheck. But where is the joke in that ?
Ram: You will have to work in our team to understand that. (laughs again)
Ganesan: Okay. Now we will get back to work and thank you all for attending.

And Ganesan walked away. Majority of the crowd left to cafetaria for lunch.

Deva and Thiru, the two new joinees were sitting in the cafetaria having lunch. They looked happy.

Deva: Awesome right
Thiru: Yeah. Did you see as well ?
Deva: Yeah. I haven't seen this much of transparency..fruitful discussions in the meetings.
Thiru: Oh. About that. Yeah. Yeah.
Deva: Hmm....What else did you have in mind ?
Thiru: The girl. Did you see the girl ?

(Deva laughed)

Deva: Seriously ?
Thiru: Turn back and thou shall see.

Deva turned but couldn't see her face.

Deva: Who ? The girl in pink dress ?
Thiru: Yeah. Yeah.
Deva: The one starting the buffet ?
Thiru: Yeah.
Deva: Rasam is at the end of buffet. Right ?
Thiru: Dont even think about it.
Deva: I'll be back.

Deva left his table and went to the buffet pretending to take some rasam. He started stirring it thereby creating a chance to look at her. He turned and Wow. Beautiful. Meanwhile the girl had come closer to rasam and looked at Deva. With utmost effort our man uttered "Hi". The girl nodded "Hey".

Can a heart have two minds ? Impossible right. But that day Deva realised it is possible. One mind is making him to behave professionally. The other one reminding him a Rumi song "What was said to the rose that made it open...is being recited to me now..."

Professional one: Deva. Behave. Stop stirring. Pour not one but two spoons of rasam and go back to the table.
Romantic one: Before rushing back to the table just hand over the spoon to her and smile. What was whispered to the jasmine..

When the professional Deva went back to the table, he found another person with Thiru.

Thiru: Deva. Have you met Kumar ? Kokki Kumar.
Deva: Hello Kumar. Nice to meet you.

Deva sat down.

Kumar: Deva. Did you see the girl ? The Denker beauty.
Deva: What ? No.
Kumar: I know bro. I know. But be careful bro. Don't get the pink slip on the first day itself.
Deva: Pink slip ?
Kumar: It means you are fired the next second.
Deva: Oh. I am going to try hard not to think about the pink slip.
Kumar: Its okay bro. Anyways she is married.
Deva: Ohh. No.

Deva and Thiru looked at each other for few seconds. And Thiru silently mourned "This is the world's shortest love story". Deva gave a deep breath. After few seconds he asked "What's her name ?"

Kumar: Nandhini.
Thiru: Short name Nandy ah.
Kumar: Pink slip. Pink slip.
Thiru: I think God created me with tight deadlines. Thats why my life looks like a MVP.
Deva: Atleast yours is a MVP. Mine is a failed project.
Kumar: There is no such thing as a failure. Denker anthology.
Deva: Inspiring lines right. I really like the open house as well.
Kumar: Its not like older times you know. Now everything has changed. People are not involved in making decisions. Its not flat hierarchy anymore.
Deva: Hmm...
Kumar: But its still better than other companies.
Deva: Kumar. How long have you been here ?
Kumar: 5 years now.
Deva: About the project. Do you know why it ended ?
Kumar: No. We are not supposed to talk about it.
Deva: Come on. Its okay. We are Denkers now. You can share it with us.
Kumar: I dont know what exactly happened. But I have heard rumors surrounding that project and its tech lead.

Thiru interupted "Enough. Say no to controversies. Why create unnecessary stress to yourself ? Havent you heard curiosity killed the cat"

Deva: "And satisfaction bought it back"

Whatever one might say, there is a certain pleasure in eating a forbidden fruit. Why else would a heart go to a tiny fruit when there was a limitless universe to cherish ? Deva was no different.