"Denker. What does it even mean ? A thinker. A philosopher. An intellectual. How can you be a Denker when you are not using your intellect to speculate or contemplate ? How can you be a Denker when you are not asking questions to find out the truth ? Its not just curiousity my dear friends. Its more than that. Its about knowing the truth. Truth is hard. Truth hurts. Thats what the disappointing soulless people say. But I would rather live a real life than live an illusion"

Thiru and Kumar were looking up at Deva like a pack of wolves look up to an alpha.

Kumar: Deva. I can already see that you can reach heights in Denker.
Thiru: What if this is all for your good ? What if you cant handle the truth ?
Deva: That is for me to decide. Not them.
Kumar: All this valorous stupid talks to know why a stupid project ended ?
Deva: Uff. Thats rather a poor understanding of my gyan. But in a nutshell yes. Today is the day we talk about controversies.

Loud voices were heard outside cafetaria. "How could he ? How could he go on vacation ?" It was Sid and Ganesan entering the cafetaria while having heated exchanges. They stopped in the middle and continued their conversation loud enough for the crowd to hear.

Ganesan: Sid. A person is entitled to take a vacation when he is not allocated to a project. Lets not make a big deal about this.
Sid: If I were in his position, I would do everything to fix it and make everything right.
Ganesan: I can promise you that he did that.
Sid: Unbelievable. Why do you even support him ?
Ganesan: Sid. First of all I am not supporting anyone. Second of all you are a tenured Denker than me. So you should know better than me. We embrace failures. Not get upset about it.
Sid: Thats true. But some people just exploit it. Why do some people have to work so hard to avoid such failures ? And why do some people are not liable for their own failures ? Why this indifference ? Why this inequality ? He and his team were just ruthless, indisciplined, watching youtube videos and playing table tennis during worktimes. Goddamit!! They came to office just before lunch. One in right mind could have understood that the success of the project was so bleak. Atleast I was sure that it was going to be a failure.
Ganesan: Seriously ?? Did they come to office before lunch. When did they have their standups ?
Sid: God knows when.
Ganesan: That should be a feedback to the team then.
Sid: One of the guy in my team has already started to talk why cant they be more like his team. This indiscipline is starting to spread like virus.
Ganesan: That is something we cannot accommodate. I will talk to Aditya.

Siddharth and Ganesan started to walk towards the buffet. The crowd which was silent till then started to murmur.

Kumar: Its deeply saddening to see what Denker has become. They say Aditya and his team worked hard. Some people in his team even worked on the weekends. Now its all a wasted effort.
Deva: What happened ?
Kumar: A bit more of those in people that ruins everything. Ego. Jealousy. Greed. Superiority complex.
Deva: Come on. Stop being philosophical and tell us what happened.
Kumar: A revenge story happened.
Deva: Against who ?
Kumar: Against the management. There are even rumors that Aditya had advised the client to shut down the project thereby bringing loss to Denker.
Deva: If that is true why have they not fired him ? Why have they not given him the pink slip ?
Kumar: Dont know. Maybe Ganesan likes him.
Deva: You are a tenured Denker right ? Why dont you ask ?
Kumar: I am not a true Denker Deva.. I can see everything. I can hear everything. But I say nothing.

Deva nodded his head in disappointment. Two shadows fell on him. They heard a voice. "Can we take this place ?" Deva saw Siddharth and Ganesan standing with their plates. Kumar said "Yes. Please"

Siddharth: Are you the new joinees ?

Deva and Thiru nodded.

Siddharth: Nice to meet you. I am Siddharth.
Deva and Thiru: Nice to meet you Siddharth.

And then they introduced themselves.

Sid: How is Denker treating you till now ?
Deva: Its good Siddharth. I liked the all-hands today.
Sid: What did you like about it ?
Deva: The fact that discussions are so transparent.

Thiru and Kumar turned and looked at each other. Thiru stood up and pretended to search something.

Sid: What happened ?
Thiru: There was Deva around here somewhere. I am not able to find him. Did you see him ?
Kumar: Haha..Deva. You can ask Sid what you asked us.
Sid: What did you ask ?
Deva: (deep breath) The discussions are transparent indeed. Maybe ..(pauses).. shouldnt they be more transparent ?
Ganesan: Statement to question. Nice. I am starting to like you Deva.
Sid: Interesting question Deva. There are situations where we should be transparent and there are situations where we should not be. There are reasons behind everything. One should understand that.
Deva: Selective transparency is no transparency at all. Its authority.
Sid: Ok. This discussion is not gonna end. I have had this discussion multiple times and I have seen people not coming to conclusions. So lets have this special food prepared for 'Tamil New Year'
Thiru: Like rasam ?
Ganesan: haha. Yeah like rasam.
Sid: All of us have to come work even on a Tamil New Year. But some people can take vacation as and when they wish.
Ganesan: Come on Sid. Go easy.

Deva, Thiru and Kumar didnt need to tell each other what was on their mind. It was as if they were in a mind-meld. A single thought resonating in their mind - "This is not gonna end well"