Few days after Tamil New Year...

In a crowded roadside teashop, few yards away from Denker...

Amidst all the never ending honking sound from vehicles, one could hear the radio clearly...

Good Morning Chennai. You are listening to 93.5 FM, Radio Mirchi. Sema hot machi. This is your RJ Vinodh. Today we are going to talk about love confessions. You can call us and confess your love. I will be the first to start.....

There was a gang of 4 people standing little away from all the crowd with a cup of tea in their hands.

It was scorching hot. Kathiri Veyil (hot summer) has onset very early. But this did not stop the gang from performing their daily routine of having tea at their favorite teashop. Clearly one was telling a story. The man was none other than Arulmozhi. The gang called themselves 'The Wolf gang'.

"She was like a Rembrandt painting" Arulmozhi described
"What brand ?" his friend, David asked.
"Rembrandt" repeated Arul.
"Why not M.F Husaain or Ravi Varma ? You are becoming an anti Indian", his friend Karim remarked.
"Why not our own J ? He can also can draw very nicely" David said.
"Leave me out of this" said J alias Jeremiah.

Clearly they were talking about Arulmozhi's encounter with Paro in Himalayas.

Arul: Tsch. Okay. Tell me this. Does anyone know what makes a woman more beautiful ?
J: You are 30 Arul. Not 20. Are you still going around asking these questions ?
Karim: J, Don't interrupt him. Let him got with the flow. What did you figure out now sweetheart ?
David: What will he do even if he figured out ?
Arul: Can you let me tell my story ?
J: No. I don't want to hear your story. I don't want to know every detail. It is the same shit with you. How lovely the mise-en-scene was, how beautiful the girl was, how heroically you approached the girl and how lucky your stars were to make friends with her and blah blah blah. Now after few days you want to get rid of her. Right ?
Arul: Wrong. For the first time, something different happened.
J: Like what ? Like police raid happened ?

Everyone laughed.

David: Well. If you are gonna keep repeating this, its going to happen some day.
Karim: You have an obsessive compulsive womanising disorder sweetheart. You should seek psychiatrist help.
Arul: No. I suffer from langer.
David: What is that shit ?
Arul: If I am not in love, I become angry. Love + anger = Langer.
Karim: Pppaaaa. Very talented fellow you are.
Arul: Thank you. But seriously guys, You are talking as if I am a womaniser. I am just a shy lover boy. How do you know whether a girl is the best without talking to other girls ?
J: If you are looking for the best, you should be the best. You are not the best. Don't wish for something you cannot handle.
Arul: I know J. I feel like this is the girl for me.
Karim: Let him talk J. So what happened differently this time sweetheart ?
Arul: So I was traveling in a bus in Himalayas and I met this girl. She was the most beautiful...
David: Cut the crap. Come to the point.
Arul: Okay. She challenged me to do a hike. I was not able to keep up. I lost. I lost her. I don't know her name. I know nothing about her. I don't know what to do now.
David: And everyone can live happily ever after.
Arul: (takes a deep breath) I will settle the bill.

Arul went to the teashop owner and asked for settling the bill.

In the radio "I loved a guy. I was not able to tell him because he was my friend. I was worried that it would break my friendship. Now he is married..."

Arul turned to the teashop owner "Did you hear that ? Do girls even face love failures these days ?"
Teashop owner: It is Kali Yuga Arul.
Arul: Why do you say that ?
Teashop owner: Girls confessing about their love in the public. Imagine what would happen if their parents hear about it.
Arul: Come on. Guys do that every time.
Teashop owner: That is different.
Arul: Why so ?
Teashop owner: Okay Arul. It is wrong even if guys do that.
Arul: Nope. Everyone should be allowed to do everything.
Teashop owner: All IT guys say that.
Arul: Okay. I will come your way. Who is God ?
Teashop owner: Are you going to say Kamal Hassan's 'Love is God' ?
Arul: No. God is someone who forgives. So logically I, you and everyone can do mistakes every now and then.
Teashop owner: Its just easy money talking.

Arul just laughed to end the conversation and the group started towards the office.

David: Why don't you try someone from Denker ?
Arul: Nah. I can look like a guy with no personal ethics. But I do have some professional ethics.
David: Just because Aditya is not here does not give you the right to copy his dialogue.

Arul laughed. "I miss him. I wish he is back soon"

J: Okay. Consider this scenario. The whole world is destroyed. Only the Denkers survive. Who would you go for then ?
Arul: Hmm.. Single till the grave yard then.
J: Liar.
David: Don't be shy. We wont tell this to anyone.
Arul: It better be that way. What ever we talk in this tea shop, stays in the tea shop.
David: Don't try to deflect the question.
Arul: Okay you first.
David: It is your day. Go ahead.
Arul: For some reason, I am not able to develop crush on Denkers. Its a working place. I am more of 'Work while you work. Play while you play' sort of guy.
David: What about Nandhini ?
Arul: But she is married. If all Denkers survive, her husband Sid will also survive. Even if Sid dies, our friend Aditya will be there. She is like a prize that everyone wants to win. Its so sick.
J: Look who is saying that.
David: Mithra, Padmini, Kundavai..
Arul: No. No. No.
J: What would you do if any of these women come and propose to you ? Would you say 'No' then ?

Everyone laughed.

David: Arul, what would you do after your parents get you married ? Would you stop being the shy lover boy you are ?
Arul: Definitely. Dasharathan before marriage. Ram after marriage.
Karim: (mockingly) Nice life goals.

Everyone laughed.

Arul's phone buzzed. There was a notification from facebook.

You have a new friend suggestion 'Samantha Shaw'.

Arul opened the notification and looked at the profile pic. He stopped walking.

J, David and Karim looked at him "What happened ?"

Arul: Her name is Samantha Shaw.
J: Who ?
Arul: Paro. Her name is Samantha Shaw.

Arul grinned like a Cheshire cat.
