We come back to our very own Deva. We had left him in a cliffhanger. 

After eavesdropping on the tenureds conversation, Deva had left the office with Kumar's access card. Kumar had fixed his Royal enfield by then. 

"What happened ?" Kumar had asked.
"Nothing. I am tired. Let's go home" Deva replied.

Deva did not discuss this with anyone again. Both left to their home.

A day after Tamil New year...

Today..

Deva was let in by Thiru, as he still did not get an access card. Deva wanted to discuss the tenureds conversation with Thiru, but Thiru was a guy who liked to stay away from controversies. So Deva was left with his new MAC book pro. His thoughts slowly drifted to yesterday's conversation. 

"What is wrong with Sid ?" 
"Do I have to spend next few years in this political shithole ?"
"Did I make a mistake of joining this company ?"
"But every company is the same. Right ? There is no point changing it"
"Someday I will start my own company devoid of all this nonsense. I will make it so great that one day it will beat google"

"Daydreaming is an addiction you know" broke a sweet girl's voice. 

Deva recovered from his little self talk.

"Hey. Hi"
"You are Deva right ?" enquired the girl
"Yeah"
"Did you enter the office without an access card ?", the girl asked authoritatively
"Ah. Who are you?"
"You have violated the security rules. Please come with me."
"But I did not get an access card yet. How am I supposed to enter ?"
"You should have followed the standard protocol"
"What is that ?"
"Damn. Who hired you ?"
"Excuse me"
"Follow me"

The girl started to walk. Deva was left with no choice but to follow her. She opened the door of a meeting room and said "Deva is here, madam"

"Madam ah", Deva blurted out. 
"Are you Deva ?" the madam asked.

Deva paused for a moment to admire how beautiful she was.

"Yes"
"Did you enter the office without an access card ?"
"Hey. What is happening ? Who are you ?"
"I am Kaveri. I am the Head of Administration"
"Oh. Hi Kaveri. Is something wrong ?"
"Apparently you have entered the office without an access card thereby breaching the security. Security is taken seriously in our organization. What if you did the same in client's place ?"
"But I joined just yesterday. I did not get an access card yet"
"So you should have asked me. Not break into the office like this. Don't you know the standard protocol ?"
"Okay. I am sorry"
"No sorry. You are fired"
"What ?" frowned Deva

"Such a bureaucratic stupid organization"
"Why should I take this nonsense ?"
"This is not the place for me"
"I should have taken the offer from the other company, Katzer. Damn they were even ready to pay double of what I am getting here"
"Its better to leave with style"

"Hello" broke Kaveri's voice.
"Okay.... madam" Deva said sarcastically and continued "What is the procedure to leave this organization ?"
"First you will have to return your laptop to Sysadmin. Second you will have to meet our HR and sign some papers. And salary for one day will be transferred to your account. Then finally you should come here again"
"Why ?"
"We should go to the police station to lodge a complaint for the breach of security"

The girl who accompanied Deva to Kaveri's office giggled.

"Sorry Kaveri"
"Do you think it is funny Mithra ? Security is very important in Denker"
"Please stop Kaveri. Look at his face. He looks very innocent"

Kaveri laughed. "Even I can't take this"

Deva stood there guessing what had happened. 

"Sorry ji. Its a prank" said the girl Mithra.
Deva: "Oh" 
Kaveri: "Yeah. Sorry Deva. But it was fun alright"
Deva: Yeah.
Kaveri: And by the way, I am not the Head of Administration. I am just a developer like you.
Deva: Okay. Nice to meet people from same caste.
Mithra: Hey Deva. My name is Mithra. I am a developer as well. 
Deva: Hi. Nice to meet you.

Deva and Mithra shook hands.

Mithra: I have no intentions of playing prank on people. But Kaveri is my mentor. So I have to do what she says. I am sorry again.

Mithra was a kind of girl who everyone likes but only in the friendzone. 

Deva: It is okay Mithra.

Though Deva was mildly irritated by the prank, he liked the two girls particularly Kaveri. So he had to forgive.

Deva: Can you be my mentor as well Kaveri ?
Kaveri: I thought Sid is your mentor. We discussed about this yesterday and Sid decided to take you and Thiru as mentees.

Deva stood there shocked. "No. Not Sid."
