One day before Tamil New Year...

In a meeting room called Rashtrapathi Bhavan ...

"I resign" said Aditya looking at the floor avoiding Ganesan's eyes.

Ganesan looked at Aditya for a long time and gave a deep breath. There was a touchy-feely pause between them. Aditya turned to leave the room.

"Why?" crackled Ganesan's voice.

Aditya without turning to look at Ganesan said "Because I dont belong here anymore"

Ganesan: Hmmm

There were few seconds of silence again.

These dramatic silences from Ganesan were irritating to Aditya. Aditya knew the subtle power of uncomfortable silences usually adopted by great managers but he was not able to comprehend it, in his current state of mind. He turned and looked at Ganesan. Ganesan was looking directly at Aditya.

Aditya: Ganesan. I can't take this anymore. I am sorry.
Ganesan: Hmmm
Aditya: There is overflowing injustice in this office. And people responsible are silent.

Aditya gave a pause and looked at Ganesan.

Ganesan: (deep breath)
Aditya: I do not have the energy to take it anymore.
Ganesan: Hmm
Aditya: I am just another employee here. If I leave there will be no impact.
Ganesan: Okay.

Ganesan's silence and mono-syllable responses were getting to Aditya's nerves. He turned to leave before the rage can blind him. But the dark forces were quicker than he thought. He shouted "There is no point talking to you".

Ganesan said "Wait" firmly.

Aditya: What ? (without lowering his tone)
Ganesan: Take a seat.
Aditya: It's okay.
Ganesan: I said take a seat.
Aditya: I am quitting. You have no control on me whatsoever. You cannot order me.
Ganesan: Denker has a flat hierarchy. No one has any control on another, atleast till I am here. So please take a seat.

Aditya took a seat.

Ganesan: Are you done with your monologue ? Because there is no blood from my ears yet.
Aditya: Please don't mock me Ganesan. I am already broken. What did I do wrong ?
Ganesan: You did right. Doing right is wrong these days.
Aditya: Denker does not look like it did 8 years ago when I joined. It has changed. It used to care for employees. I feel like I am working in some other company now.
Ganesan: Stop saying that. When you keep romaticising the past, you are not living the present. And it is not healthy for your future.

Aditya laughed uncontrollably. Ganesan noticed the shift in cognitive behavior in Aditya.

Ganesan: Sometimes I feel you are bipolar.
Aditya: Nah. Just Axis II Borderline Personality Disorder.

Ganesan paused. This time the pause was to quickly think how to respond.

Aditya: I am just kidding.
Ganesan: Phew. Thank God. You haven't changed from college days.
Aditya: Yeah. Those were the best times in my life.
Ganesan: We were jealous of you folks, jealous of the younger generation. And all the M.E folks were jealous of you because of you and Nadhini.
Aditya: Come on Ganesan. Let's not go there.
Ganesan: What triggered you to make this big decision ?
Aditya: Let's not talk about Nandhini.
Ganesan: Err.. I was actually talking about your resignation.
Aditya: Oh. Sorry. (stutters) I had advised my client to invest in his own team long time back. When the time came I just asked them to make the next leap and leave Denker.
Ganesan: Yes. I know exactly what you did. That was the right thing to do. But on hindsight you should have informed us before talking these sensitive topics to client.
Aditya: It happened in a casual conversation over coffee.
Ganesan: I am not blaming you neither I am giving you feedback. It is just a learning for you. Listen you dont have to think twice if you are doing wrong. But you do have to think more than twice if you are doing right. If you have deciced to be Mr.Right, you have to put in more effort.
Aditya: Yeah. I understand. Apparently this news reached Siddharth's ears and he reached out to me.
Ganesan: I know. I know his agenda.
Aditya: You will have to let me go Ganesan. Or else he will use this against you. Save your ass.
Ganesan: (laughed) The whole office knows I am biased when it comes to you. I am not 100% Mr.Right like you Aditya. This incompleteness gives me valuable insights. Infact my instincts tell me that Siddharth will try to convince everyone for reorganisation and take me out of this role.

A wise man's predictions never go wrong.