One day before Tamil New Year...

In a meeting room called Rashtrapathi Bhavan ... 

Ganesan said "I am sorry"

Aditya looked at Ganesan and gave a deep breath. There was a touchy-feely pause between them.

"Okay" crackled Aditya's voice.

Ganesan without turning to look at Aditya said "I promised you a safe environment and I failed."

Aditya: Hmmm

There were few seconds of silence again. 

Ganesan laughed.

Ganesan: Are you using my own trick against me ?
Aditya: What can I say ? I am a fast learner.
Ganesan: Listen Aditya. Denker has changed slowly and unnoticeably. An invisible struggle has begun. When this struggle becomes visible, it will be devastating. Hopefully I can put a stop to this struggle. But to do that I need people like you. I need people I can trust. I need people who can let me know when I am wrong. I need people who have at the minimum some basic human traits around me.
Aditya: Ganesan. I hear what you are saying. And I disagree. The problem is everyone including you are viewing this change as a struggle. Like a war. Everyone are trying to cut other's heads off. This will not end well. A society will only grow when everyone is putting in effort to be a little better than they are. But the same society will perish when everyone is putting in lots of effort to be a lot worse than they are.
Ganesan: What shall we do ?
Aditya: I don't know.
Ganesan: How shall we fix it ?
Aditya: I don't know.
Ganesan: Shall we fire everyone and start from a clean slate ?
Aditya: (sarcastic) All empty words. If only there was only an Olympics game for talking, Denkers would win gold, silver and every medal possible.
Ganesan: (laughed) You are fired.
Aditya: See. What did I say ? Firing a guy who has already resigned.
Ganesan: I hear your point as well. But throughtout history, there was no peace without war.

Aditya was silent.

Aditya: I dont know what to say. This is just a software company. And you and Siddharth are viewing this as a battle zone. 
Ganesan: I know. Please Aditya, I request you to stay. Give me 3 months to fix it. If not we can have this same conversation.
Aditya: Ganesan. Dont. Please dont. It will be extremely difficult to face tomorrow's All hands.
Ganesan: Why dont you take a break ? Why dont you go on a vacation ? Like our man, your junior Arulmozhi.
Aditya: (deep breath) But people will bash me if I am not there in tomorrow's All hands.
Ganesan: I can take care of that.
Aditya: You leave me no choice Ganesan. Guess I will go on two weeks vacation then.
Ganesan: Where are you planning to go ?
Aditya: Sri Lanka it is.
Ganesan: Such a peculiar choice for a holiday.
Aditya: Yeah. I am quite concerned about the Tamilians there. There is a protest happening this week. I was thinking of going and participate in it.
Ganesan: (nodded his head in disappointment) Dont forget to visit Adam's peak and please be safe.
Aditya: And you too. You better not close your eyes and ears tomorrow
Ganesan: You know what. (pauses) My third eye tells me you are a member of black tulips.

There are different colors of tulips. And one can make different colors of tulip using techniques but black has never be achieved. Black tulip has ever been a myth. In our story context, Black tulip is a hacktivist entity targeting government and corporate websites and exposing truth. Like their name suggests, no one has been able to find out even a member of black tulip.

Aditya was bewildered.

Aditya: Me ? No. What makes you think I am a member of black tulip ?
Ganesan: In college, you were the president of computer scienece department. Right ? When the administration became stricter I know you created a secret society called black-tulips. And I would say your group kept them busy. 
Aditya: How do you know ?
Ganesan: Because I was a member in it too.
Aditya: But I made sure that my identity was a secret.
Ganesan: Haha.. It is not smart to think that you are the smartest.
Aditya: But both are different. I somehow realised that guerilla attack was wrong. I realised if I have a problem I will have to fight it face to face.
Ganesan: I also know how you realised. Its Nandhini. Isnt it ?
Aditya: Is something wrong with your nose Ganesan ?
Ganesan: (laughed) Yeah. yeah. It was pre-Facebook era. We knew about everyone and everything.
Aditya: I dont want to talk about it. But let me be clear. I am not the black tulip.
Ganesan: Be that as it may. But please dont land in jail.
Aditya: Ahh.. I see your plan. Talk me out of resignation. And put me in jail. Well played Ganesan.
Ganesan: I am not good at playing cloak and dagger. You are.
Aditya: (laughed) Okay Ganesan. I ll see you in a week.
Ganesan: By the way do you know where Arulmozhi has gone on a vacation ? His 'Vacation Responder' is so funny.

Dear loveable people,

I know you miss me already. But I am lost in the woods. Please dont search for me. I ll be back on the same day like I have communicated to you already. If I haven't done that, just press the 'Snooze' button.

Yours lovingly
Arulmozhi

Aditya: Did he say 'Yours lovingly' ?
Ganesan: Yes he did. I wanted to talk to him for few minutes about a new project and this is what I get. I wonder where he is now.
