"Late. Late. Always late. How do I not have enough time ?" Ravi thought to himself.

Ravi was one of the founding fathers of Denker. He was hardworking, vivacious and eccentric individual. But not today. Not at this moment. He just wanted the day to end after long meetings. "I ll just log into the fuze meeting and put my audio on mute" he thought. He entered the meeting-id - 355-25-610.

"The audio conference will now begin"

Sid's voice boomed.

"If any of you out there do not believe in me, do me a favour. Just leave. Don't sit here sympathising pretending to be nice. The fake goodness in you is only hurting me"
"Hey Sid. You need to calm down. Please. I think what Sid is trying to say is .."
"Stop it Solomon. There is no need for paraphrasing here"

A computer voice broke the unrest.

"Ravi has joined the meeting. There are currently 5 other people in the meeting."

Solomon and Sid were present in the same room physically. And 4 other people have joined remotely in the call.

Solomon: Hi Ravi. You are late as usual.
Ravi: Hi all.
Sid: Folks... Sorry for being honest today. Sorry for being straightforward today.
Solomon: Stop. Just stop Sid. You need to calm down.
Sid: Solomon. My friend. How many years has it been ? How long have I known you ?
Solomon: It has been 12 years Sid.
Sid: You all in the call, I have known everyone of you personally for more than a decade now. All of us have built this great office from the rubbles. But.. but I know for sure, there is at-least one who has been stabbing me in the back. So I just want to be clear. I am sorry again for veracious today.
Solomon: I am sure this is not the best technique to find the black sheep.
Sid: You might be thinking why I risked to arrange this meeting, even though I know there is a backstabber. Because Denker was once my dream and its yours as well. Denkers have become my family. And I am sure its yours as well. We have spent most of our life here. How many sacrifices and how much pain have we endured to make Denker great. But I cannot stand and watch what Denker is becoming now. All my hardwork flushed down in the gutter. The people who are non-tenured are ruining this company. Its time to act. Although your actions can be crooked, you and I share the same love. Denker.

A voice in the call spoke "Thank you for being honest today Sid. Now allow me to return the favor"

Sid: Go ahead Narayana
Narayana: I will also apologise before going straightforward today.
Solomon: Oh my god. Just talk already.
Narayana: Sid, if you dont like what Denker is becoming now, perhaps it is a sign. Perhaps it is time for you to leave the company.
Sid: (smirked) I am not a quitter Narayana.
Narayana: You say one of us is crooked here in the call. But you are the one who is crooked. Its clear that you dont like Ganesan. You should have talked with him and sorted this out. Instead you chose to generalise things and put the blame on all the non-tenureds.
Sid: I certainly dont have any mathematical proof for my deductions on non-tenureds. Mine are only anecdotal. But we are engineers right. We need a concrete proof. And you call me crooked. (laughs)... I have talked with Ganesan 'n' number of times. What do they say about dog's tail ? You call me crooked for following the so called "right way" all these years.

(There was a long silence)

Yes I am crooked. You know, throughout history only the extremes have dared to go farther. Farther beyond the fields of good and bad. They have risked everything to achieve it. And in doing so they have lived for ever. I have often wondered what drove them ? What made them do it ? Today I understand. It is about extreme aim. It is about extreme passion. Extreme obsession. Mine is Denker. I will risk everything to make it great again.

(A clicking sound. People in the call can hear a baby cry..)

"Sorry. Denker is already gre...."

Solomon: Sorry the connection is bad. Was it Uttama ? Did you say Denker is already great.
Uttama: Yes Uttama here. Let me move to a silent place. (Some shuffling sound) Sid as far as I know, Denker is already great. We are becoming famous. And our profits are growing. Did you see the Q1 report ?
Sid: For now. We are doing good now. But will that be the same next year ? Will that be the same seven years from now ?
Uttama: Is there a Nostradamus amongst us ?
Sid: Uttama. What I am talking about is not just success. It is about extreme success. You might fail to see the problem now because you are only seeing the dots. I am collecting them, connecting them and completing them.
Uttama: What do you want us to do ? Fire Ganesan ? Will that solve the problem ?
Narayana: On what grounds do you even fire Ganesan ?
Sid: Like I told you earlier, Ganesan has not been my target at all. Extreme success needs some extreme measures.
Solomon: Like what ?
Sid: We dont do layoffs or fire people. That will cause insecurity among the existing Denkers. We create some chaos. We do reorg.
Uttama: You mean reorganisation ?
Sid: Yes

(There was a long silence)

Solomon: Sounds like a plan. We can also transfer Ganesan to some other role. Then we leave it for him to decide.
Sid: We need to decide now. Who is going to be the new GM ?
Narayana: We can sleep over this idea. And we can talk about it tomorrow.
Uttama: Hmmm.. I like the idea as well. Its just not about Ganesan. I would like to see this as an opportunity to remove non-performing people in the management roles.
Solomon: What about others in the call ?

(A clicking sound) A female voice spoke "There is nothing left to say. We can experiment with this idea"

Sid: Thanks Layla. And Ravi ? Are you in the call ?

(A clicking sound) Plus one to Layla. And sorry for joining late. I also did not like the way Ganesan handles certain things. Anyways folks have a good night. We can discuss about this tomorrow.

(Ravi has left the meeting)

Layla: I will also drop off

(Layla has left the meeting)

Uttama: That was one hell of a meeting Sid.
Sid: Thank you Uttama.
Uttama: Ciao.

(Uttama has left the meeting)

(Narayana has left the meeting)

You are the only participant in the meeting. You will hear a beep when someone joins.

Beep
